check soar alert assignment.
check exchange integration for passwordless


Fill the agent report configuration as task

Fixed issue with polaris cimtrak repo installation on 2019 server

PANORAMA LOTUS BANK INTEGRATION
SOAR FIXES
SOPHOS COMPLETION
USER ID ISSUE ON PALO RESOLUTION
TAJ BANK follow up
FBN PDQ INVENTORY ADDON
**Change TAJ support portal
**TAJBANK Portal rename
**review insightIDR Project plan and also do a walkthrough
Palo Alto HCI


panorama setup
username from the GUI is admin and password will be reset at the prompt too.
then set the network parameters with;
set deviceconfig system ip-address ip-here netmask mask-here default-gateway gateway-here domain dns-here
then hit commit and enter
and try to reach via gui
LICENSE too
first bank session soar

reactivated the global protect client version 5.2.4. they are low on version.
panorama review and login
techsupport report

mail justin for FIM integration with service now. demo

xcopy paths  /o /x /y

create a certificate
create ssl/tls profile and map the certificate created above to it
create a zone and enable user identification
configure tunnel interface and place the zone above to it
configure authentication profile to be used (radius and ldap)
create global protect profile ip and interface placed, then client authentication, choose authentication profile of ldap for portal, okay. | Agent section, external gateway should be the ip of outside, trusted cert, choose the configured cert then okay. | Gateway, general, same thing, interface and ip check. authentication, choose the ssl/tls configured. add client below, os any, authentication profile should be radius. okay.
Agent configuration, enable tunnel and pick the tunnel created. client setting, pick users if needed,s et pool if neccesary, split tunnel, add if needed and Okay.
then ceate policy from vpn zone created to Lan. and done

putty session on desktop putty.log
support tech-support file
2 users of working and not working id inclusive
export the monitor logs.
